Create tools.md (#1)
Cardinal-Cryptography/ink4-migration: tools.md

# Tooling

## `cargo contract`

For compiling, building and deploying contracts to the network you will need `cargo contract` installed. Each network may be compatible with a different release of it. 

> When ink! 4.0 lands on Aleph Zero Testnet, you will need `cargo contract` version `2.0.0-beta.1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with the current version of the Aleph Zero Testnet, you will need `cargo contract` version `2.0.0-beta.1`:
```
